[MAGIC] Enhancement of the documentation of some recipes (#1439)
ESMValGroup/ESMValTool: doc/sphinx/source/recipes/recipe_perfmetrics.rst

Observations and reformat scripts
---------------------------------

> The following list shows the currently supported observational data sets for this recipe with their variable names and the reference to their respective reformat scripts in brackets. Please, note that obs4mips data can be used directly without any reformating. For non-obs4mips data see headers of cmorization scripts (in `/esmvaltool/cmorizers/obs/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following list shows the currently used observational data sets for this recipe with their variable names and the reference to their respective reformat scripts in parentheses. Please note that obs4mips data can be used directly without any reformating. For non-obs4mips data see headers of cmorization scripts (in `/esmvaltool/cmorizers/obs/
```

> <https://github.com/ESMValGroup/ESMValTool/blob/version2_development/esmvaltool/cmorizers/obs/>`_) for download instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<https://github.com/ESMValGroup/ESMValTool/blob/version2_development/esmvaltool/cmorizers/obs/>`_) for downloading and processing instructions.
```

Example plots
-------------

> 

Reviewer: In my opinion, it is not acceptable to simply delete these example plots. Simply add proper captions instead.
